true or false?
That brain doesn't work
You believe what he says
You don't know if it's true or false.
Oh king
Look at this.
Can you learn it?
The martial arts moves are all fake
I'll try it, Dad, take it easy
Rest assured that the gift is ready
fuck
Brother, did you see it?
Your Majesty, he really learned so much Arhat boxing
Even a fool can become a dancer
Then have I not practiced on a dog in the past few years?
Your Majesty, you are amazing, applause
Then take a look.
What level of dancer is he now?
Did you go to the Civil Affairs Bureau?
How do you think civil dancers are easy to find?
It was everywhere.
Dancers are graded into mirrors
Dark mirror
Innate grandmasters and land gods
Don't look at the mirror dancer is the lowest existence
But there are very few of them.
Like them
It's no problem to fight one hundred casually
If there are weapons
It can be hostile for thousands
In ancient times, many famous generals were folk dancers
But the Spiegel dancer
Song Jiangcheng is also the existence of one palm technique
Whether you open your own martial arts hall
Or be someone's bodyguard
Or is it kung fu to become a big family?
That's a million dollars a year.
If he was a Spiegel dancer
I think I could cut my head off.
Apologize to him.